# The facts
- Editors in newspapers and magzines often zoujiduan when they want to offer some inrrelevant truth and statistical data.
- <font color=#FF0000 >Editors of newspapers and magazines often go to extremes to provide their readers with unimportant facts and statistics.</font>
> **Editors of newspapers and magazines often go to extremes to provide their readers with unimportant facts and statistics.** 
- Last year, a journalist was asked by a famous magzine to write an article about a president of a newly formed african country.
> **Last year a journalist had been instructed by a well-known magazine to write an article on the president's palace in a new African republic.**
- The editor refused to publish it when he read the first sentence after the script arrived to him.
> **When the article arrived, the editor read the first sentence and then refused to publish it.**
- "Hundreds steps toward the high wall surounding the president beaura", the article started.
> **The article began: 'Hundreds of steps lead to the high wall which surrounds the president's palace.'** 
- The editor faxed the journalist immediately, asking him to confirm the exact steps and the hieght of the wall.
> **The editor at once sent the journalist a fax instructing him to find out the exact number of steps and the height of the wall.** 
- The journalist went to confirm those important truth immediatly, but he failed to deliver the data for a long time.
> **The journalist immediately set out to obtain these important facts, but he took a long time to send them.** 
- During that time, the editor could not wait for the magzine had to be printed.
> **Meanwhile, the editor was getting impatient, for the magazine would soon go to press.** 
- He sent two copies of faxes to the journalist who didn't reply him.
> **He sent the journalist two more faxes, but received no reply.** 
- So he sent a copy of fax to the journalist again, telling him he would be fired if he didn't reply quickly.
> **He sent yet another fax informing the journalist that if he did not reply soon the would be fired.** 
- But the journalist did not reply either and the editor published the original script.
> **When the journalist again failed to reply, the editor reluctantly published the article as it had originally been written.** 
- The editor eventually recieved the fax from the jounarlist a week later.
> **A week later, the editor at last received a fax from the journalist.** 
- The poor journalist had been arrested senting to the jail.
> **Not only had the poor man been arrested, but he had been sent to prison as well.** 
- However, he was allowed to sent a fax back. He told the editor that he was arrested when he count the 1084 steps toward to the 15 inches height wall to the president beaura.
> **However, he had at last been allowed to send a fax in which he informed the editor that he had been arrested while counting the 1084 steps leading to the fifteen-foot wall which surrounded the president's palace.** 
