# Electric currents in modern art 

- Modern sculpts do not astonish us any more.
> **Modern sculpture rarely surprises us any more.**
- It is not true that modern arts can only be seen in the museam.
> **The idea that modern art can only be seen in museums is mistaken.**
- Even those who are not interested in arts will not ignore the modern arts exibited in the public.
> **Even people who take no interest in art <u>cannot have failed to</u> notice examples of modern sculpture on display in public places.**
- We are familiar to those weird sculpts elected in parks, outside buildings and markets.
> **Strange forms stand in gardens, and outside buildings and shops.**
> **We have got quite used to them.**
- Some of the "modern" arts are already elected for 80 years there.
> **Some so-called 'modern' pieces have been on display for nearly eighty years.**
- Though, a recently held exebition of moderns sculpts astonish some people, including me.
> **In spite of this, some people - including myself - were surprised by a recent exhibition of modern sculpture.**
- There is a post said "do not touch the zhanpin, some of them may be dangerous" when someone enters the exibition room.
> **The first thing I saw when I entered the art gallery was a notice which said: 'Do not touch the exhibits. Some of them are dangerous!'**
- zhanpin are huodongde sculpts.
> **The objects on display were pieces of moving sculpture.**
- What people familiar with are the wierd sculpts hanging on the ceiling shaked by the wind.
> **Oddly shaped forms that are suspended from the ceiling and move in response to a gust of wind are quite familiar to everybody.**
- They interested the crowds.
> **These objects, however, were different.**
- There are many slim long wires that linked metal balls aranged near the wall.
> **Lined up against the wall, there were long thin wires attached to metal spheres.**
- Been magnetised, the metal balls pull and push each other.
> **The spheres had been magnetized and attracted or repelled each other all the time.**
- Lies in the center of the room are some tall goujian with many colourfull lights which blink all the time as were out of control.
> **In the centre of the hall, there were a number of tall structures which contained coloured lights.**
> **These lights flickered continuously like traffic lights which have gone mad.**
- Sparks emited from the black box, while red bubbles shines angrily.
> **Sparks were emitted from small black boxes and red lamps flashed on and off angrily.**
- It looks like the old electric equipments were shown.
> **It was rather like an exhibition of prehistoric electronic equipment.**
- It seems that the wierd zhanpin are not only shocking someone's emotion, but also give them electric shocks.
> **These peculiar forms not only seemed designed to shock people emotionally, but to give them electric shocks as well.**
